[DOCS] Adds deployment ID param documentation to trained model APIs (#96174)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/ml/trained-models/apis/clear-trained-model-deployment-cache.asciidoc

<titleabbrev>Clear trained model deployment cache</titleabbrev>
++++

> Clears a trained model deployment cache on all nodes where the deployment is 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Clears the inference cache on all nodes where the deployment is 
```
